docs: add common problems (#6875)
meltano/meltano: docs/src/_guide/troubleshooting.md

    </div>
</div>

# Common Issues

*Problem: "Why do **incremental runs** produce duplicate data?"* 

> View this [Slack discussion](https://meltano.slack.com/archives/C013EKWA2Q1/p1659024288228009). Tl;dr: Singer takes an "at least once" approach to replication, so if you're encounting this, it might be intended behavior.

Reviewer: Linking to Slack is unfriendly to newcomers who may not have (and not want) an account on the Meltano Slack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Singer takes an "at least once" approach to replication, so if you're encountering this, it might be intended behavior. [This issue](https://github.com/MeltanoLabs/Singer-Working-Group/issues/13) is a good summary of the current state and a proposal to change this behavior.
```

> View this [Slack discussion](https://meltano.slack.com/archives/C013EKWA2Q1/p1659024288228009). Tl;dr: Singer takes an "at least once" approach to replication, so if you're encounting this, it might be intended behavior.

Reviewer: Users who are on this page are probably often not having a good time, and so may take this casual tone (e.g. using "tl;dr:") poorly. They may feel as if they and their problems are not being taken seriously.

Reviewer 2: @WillDaSilva I was able to rewrite it w/o the TL;DR.
